There you are, Sophie — congratulations!
The executive committee is thrilled with the results.
They now want to accelerate deployment company-wide.
That's great news, but it's also a big step.
Scaling a few pilots was one thing; scaling dozens
of solutions across countries, functions, and partners
is another story.
They've identified new areas — marketing automation,
player support, predictive content creation — and
want to go all-in.
Ambitious and exciting!
But we'll need stronger data foundations, new skills,
and clear governance.
Let's make sure we build for the long run, not just
the next quarter.
Absolutely!
You'll need help to get there.
Maybe it's time to call Carlos?
Good idea.
He always knows how to bring perspective